language-note
==============
An application for learning languages.

> With this project, a user can create topics which contains his own vocabularies, phrases, idioms (which are called 'expressions') in any lessons, books.
> When user input an expression, it's definition and examples will be loaded automatically from dictionaries. Then the user can change those definition and examples by himself.
> After that, he can do some test for his vocabularies, phrases, idioms. The test will show some explanations and then the user has to recall the correct vocabularies, phrases.
> The user will get a score for each words, the words with the most failure answers will be more likely to appear in later tests.
> Those tests are auto generated by the input examples and definitions.
> For the first version, we are focusing on English and vocabularies. And in the first stage, I just focus on business logic, and just use a very basic security implementation!

## I. Requirement 
There are some requirement we have to satisfy:

- I would like to _collect_ some **Expressions** _in the global_ **Dictionary** or _in other users'_ **Dictionaries** _into my own_ **Topic**.
- I can _practice_ on my own **Topic**.
- I will _answer_ **Questions** inside a **Topic**, and I will _have_ an **Answer Result** for each question. The **Practice Result** _of a_ **Topic** will be aggregate from the **Practice Result** of each **Question** in the **Practice Session**. 
- I can _practice_ with the new **Expressions** first.
- The next time I _practice_, it must show either **Expressions** I have never tried or **Expressions** I didn't get max points in **last 2 Practice Results**.


- Add a Chrome plugin to look-up new words. The looked up words will be added in to a topic (the name is the title of web page). When you look up a word, the app will consider it as an failed answer for an expression-recall question. 
